by the situation in the wave position that we have here in reference to the level
from sea
well in a cyclone
will pass us all the all that is the sea discharge to the estuary
you have to return a corral of information
it is also another technique of the strip
for a matter of space
and because of the question of the level that he commented on, we are very
vulnerable to tidal waves
we try to use here 30 to 40%
in the corral incubation technique
and the rest we do it in nyse boxes
the corral in Cuba zones cite a similar hole that the mother makes when those
units
the one with a depth of about 45 centimeters in the form of
sing or because it's a neck and a camera
round to the bottom
where the complete clutch is deposited
here the achievements
we are watching them now
with him it increased in the number of nests that we are
receiving already here on this beach
the acceptance by the communities
they want to support they want to put their grain of sand
percent when I got here
by the way that was the master centuries
the undesirable because we came and put rules and we said this is not
can do
we lick the task of the storm that does not spawn there is not much
activity on the beach
go to visit the schools of the nearby communities
where are we going and what are we going to talk about?
which is the whole marina
what is the program the importance of all this
year with year
2 have seen the
perfect
negative
on the downside there are more people interested in participating in supporting us
We are water now we can of the film I do not feel useless since
see how those children who know each other and talked
8 10 years
now they are
young people who come and participate here in the program we visit
zelaya in honduras
also from a tradition of grand opening final goal
observing
it's my social service
the career of agricultural technician
if it was already reserved for men
for the communes of the region
better than man
people be close by wants to know
I want to learn, want to participate
unicef
I am a biologist by profession
p lina pohl made for medical conviction the conservation of animals and the management
of natural resources from boston
those in the controls
more company wrong
percent when coming here I realized the torture is in danger of extinction
in toilet
take note
being outdoors is working
the turtle
they feel bad that is threatened
in the sixth ecosystem because it is important because everyone is part of it
if you do not take care crazy
I do not know either but the rest
remembered marin is a pretty noble animal
totally vulnerable to any type of predator
included the clear man is
the more careful
endowed with up to 2
result
because it protects the toco wood is not only to protect a species itself is
protect the entire marine ecosystem
basic
because not only is it an animal that arrives opposed and goes away contributing to
many trophic chains including regulation of organisms
our fauna and flora
the apedem oporto
it's all of the heritage 12
apart it is a fishing resource
heavily exploited and it's important to get it back
fignon if to a camp
when he found out he was with Ram, he reported it
what to support
not encourage
this kind of illegal egg consumption the consumption of meat
this all hour
encourage the trafficking of species that are in danger
with everything
to patrol
I have a lot of ideas
these efforts
he was acclaimed
about
works of taking
hi everyone for that reason
people can